let me just do it again man it's fine
wait I said that we'll figure something
out no it's like 20 seconds it will be
much faster then we need to record the
intro right now hi guys hello welcome to
a Thursday one on one on one on one
where we answer your questions that you
have for us and you whatever you met
wonder the first question comes from
Carla from North Carolina she says do
you guys fight but is it true yeah one
of the questions that we get most
frequently asked is do you guys fight I
don't know like do we do we fight
I mean don't come in do you pump it
I don't think know the juice is
happening so Thomas astronomy can funny
well write down exactly what you'll say
just say it word by word which is we
need the Instagram likes me them now one
like oh dude you gotta like we should
you're scare you're gonna push you
I don't like my visa please
you're not in the brain come closer
I can't see in screen okay you get me do
it